Cloud Services Scrape and access data on Octoparse Cloud Platform 24/7.

Schedule tasks to scrape at any specific time,
hourly, daily, weekly...

Download scraped data as CSV, Excel, API
or save to databases.

Easy to Use

Everything you need to automate your web scraping

Intelligent identification of data, no manual operation required

Automatically Identify: lists, forms, links, images, prices, phone numbers, emails, etc.

Cloud Platform - Execute multiple concurrent extractions 24/7 with faster scraping speed.

Schedule Scraping - Schedule to extract data in the Cloud any time at any frequency.

is a modern visual web data extraction software.

bulk extract information from the web

 cloud service, which can extract and store large amounts of data to meet large-scale extraction needs

extract enormous amounts of data on a 24-7 basis using  cloud 

simulates human web browsing behavior like opening a web page


Many companies need to extract data from websites to meet their various needs. 
insufficient time or budget, lack of useful tools or having difficulty collecting dynamic data.

useful tool that helps you get what you want exactly in a short period and extract data on a scheduled basis will greatly increase your efficiency


With help from data collection and analytics tools, organizations are also able to collect data 

websites do not provide users with the functionality to extract the information displayed on the web


automatically and organize 


news portals, blogs, forums, e-commerce websites, social media, real estate, financial reports

A web crawler (also known as a web spider or web robot) is a program or automated script which browses the World Wide Web in a methodical, automated manner. This process is called Web crawling or spidering. Many legitimate sites, in particular search engines, use spidering as a means of providing up-to-date data.
harvesting e-mail addresses (usually for spam).

 World Wide Web is the largest repository of information that has ever existed.


PERSON	People, including fictional.
NORP	Nationalities or religious or political groups.
FAC	Buildings, airports, highways, bridges, etc.
ORG	Companies, agencies, institutions, etc.
GPE	Countries, cities, states.
LOC	Non-GPE locations, mountain ranges, bodies of water.
PRODUCT	Objects, vehicles, foods, etc. (Not services.)
EVENT	Named hurricanes, battles, wars, sports events, etc.
WORK_OF_ART	Titles of books, songs, etc.
LAW	Named documents made into laws.
LANGUAGE	Any named language.
DATE	Absolute or relative dates or periods.
TIME	Times smaller than a day.
PERCENT	Percentage, including ”%“.
MONEY	Monetary values, including unit.
QUANTITY	Measurements, as of weight or distance.
ORDINAL	“first”, “second”, etc.
CARDINAL	Numerals that do not fall under another type.


 So how do you find the information you're looking for in a useful format—and do it quickly and easily without breaking the bank?


 Search Isn't Enough


Search engines are a big help, but they can do only part of the work, 
and they are hard-pressed to keep up with daily changes. 
For all the power of Google and its kin, all that search engines 
can do is locate information and point to it. They go only two or 
three levels deep into a Web site to find information and then return URLs. 
They also find and return meta descriptions and meta keywords embedded in Web pages, but these may well be inaccurate.


Consider that even when you use a search engine to locate data, you still have to do the following tasks to capture the information you need:

Scan the content until you find the information.
Mark the information (usually by highlighting with a mouse).
Switch to another application (such as a spreadsheet, database or word processor).
Paste the information into that application.


A better solution, especially for companies that are aiming to exploit a broad swath of data about markets or competitors, lies with Web harvesting tools.

Web harvesting software automatically extracts information from the Web and picks up
 where search engines leave off, doing the work the search engine can't. Extraction 
 tools automate the reading, copying and pasting necessary to collect
  information for analysis, and they have proved useful for pulling together information
   on competitors   , prices and financial data of all types.


A better solution, especially for companies that are aiming to
 exploit a broad swath of data about markets or competitors, lies with Web harvesting tools.

Web harvesting software automatically extracts information from the Web and
 picks up where search engines leave off, doing the work the search engine can't.
  Extraction tools automate the reading, copying and pasting necessary to collect information for analysis,
   and they have proved useful for pulling together information on competitors, prices and financial data of all types.


takes it  a step further and harvests all the content. The harvest process involves stringkeeper
extracting all of the text content from each of the results pages,
and then preparing the harvested content for some type of analysis depending on the needs of the end-user.

Search engines don’t find or store all the content on a web page; they simply link you to the content’s location. 